{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1044{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs96\lang20 Report:\par
courseAssignment \par
besseggenArkitekter\par
\par
\fs56\par
\par
Course: InteractionDesign\par
Teacher: Eivind Solberg\par
Date: 25.03.19\par
MadeBy: Gard Bach Gr\'f8nvik\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl360\slmult1\b\f1\fs32 Introduction:\b0\fs24\par
Starting this assignment i had so many ideas of how i wanted things to look. As time went by i realised just how little one week is to create a full site like this. Because even though you know how you want it to look, don`t mean that you can go and instantly create it. I don`t think i have ever made so many of my ideas, and had so little of them work out. With the front page, the side bars, so many ideas that i just couldn`t get exactly right, and had to scrap due to lack of time.\line Well, even though it was a harsh process, i think the result came out pretty nice after all, and i can say that i am happy with it, despite the time issue. If this page was to go live though, there is still a lot of work to be put in to make it a finnished product.\par
\par
\b\fs32 Body:\b0\fs24\par
\i\fs28 Home page:\fs24\par
\i0 The home page was the first of the pages that i made, and it took a lot of time to make this one.\line I looked around at so many different websites trying to find inspiration and and ways to make what i was starting to picture. Well, i knew that i wanted the landing to page to just strike out as something special, where u can see that it is a professional website, for professional architects. The high quality on the birkebeiner arena photos, and the nice colors made them the clear choice of pictures to go on the home page. I wanted to make the menu simple, elegant, yet easy to use. I placed their logo up in the far left corner, but it can be quite hard to spot on some of the nav bar images, so i wasn't sure if i wanted to keep it there. Creating a nice, almost transparent little "arch" over their name was a nice touch to really capture the customer and focus his eye on the brand name.\par
Seeing as we live in the ages of social media, i figured it should be highligted (even though i can't seem to find them on any platform?). Adding the social media bar on bottom left corner, gives the site an extra edge, and it is also "luring" the eyes of the user to see it, because of the color change the menu has. \par
\i\fs28 Footer:\i0\fs24\par
For the footer i looked at a lot of different ones, but i landed on this one that i was able to create exactly how i wanted it to be. using some of a template, i managed to get the fixed background image, where the content is placed between the mountains, exactly how i pictured it to be. I was not able to get all the links and everything working down there propperly still, but i just didn't have the time for it.\par
In the footer, there is everything a footer should have. A short draft of text, briefly explaining a little bit about the company, some quick links to their newest projects, and a smaller menu with essentials from the nav bar, and also their contact information and social media.\par
\i\fs28 Projects:\i0\fs24\par
For the projects page, oh did i have a lot of issues making it the way i wanted it to be. The result that came out is not finished at all how i wanted it to be when it was done, but it is still nice, and shows some of how it should have been.\par
Well, in time desperation i gave up on my original side nav, because i just couldn't get the JavaScript to work the way i wanted it. Instead i went with a side nav hamburger menu, where you can atleast quickly navigate through the different projects that they have. It came out ok, just not exactly what i wanted. \par
I set up the images 3 by 3 on col-4 to make them equally sized. I am quite happy with the zoom effect on all the images, where you can see the name of the project/where it is, and it is also the possibilty to click the "see more" button, which as of now doesn't go anywhere, because we didnt recieve that kind of info. \par
Even though the side nav didn't turn out the way i wanted it to, i still think it came out looking really nice and professional anyways. The only thing i am unsure about is that, will everyone understand to hover the images to get the information they need? well, i landed on that if you have already clicked on the "projects" page u are going to scroll down, and you will notice the hover effect.\par
\i\fs28 About:\i0\fs24\par
The about page i am really satisfied with. It looks verry clean, and not cluttered. i seperated the text that was given, to not make it so text heavy, and keep the employees section and the jobs that they do in between.\par
The employee cards came out really nice, side by side with a hoverable div over the image, and their contact info below, makes it look really professional.\par
instead of just having the plain text with the "missions" they do, i created a little field with hoverable icons with "what we do" text below the icon. Hovering the text or the icon will give the icon color and slightly move upwards to interact with the user.\par
below this section i finished it off with remaining text, making sure that the user has been "entertained" while reading through it.\par
\i\fs28 Aktuelt:\i0\fs24\par
For the "aktuelt" page i also stumbled upon a lot of things i just couldn't get to work right because i had no time to do it. Continuing with the hamburger side nav, to give the user the option to quickly navigate between the different months they have posted information.\par
keeping the h1 with the month at the top, with <hr> seperating each section, and possibility to "read more" or "see project" below everything, makes it look clean, easy to use and easy to navigate.\par
Here i really wanted to make a fixed side nav, with JS so that when u clicked on one file, the other one would dissappear and the one you clicked would appear. I almost got this working, but i had to stop to make sure i had something to deliver.\par
\par
\i\fs28 Contact:\i0\fs24\par
For the contact page it was quite simple to make it the way i wanted it to. I think i almost made it exactly identical to the design i made in XD prototype. This was the first page that i made, and i got it to look exactly how i wanted.\par
With the adress, mail etc. on the left side, and the social media icons right below it. The contact form, which would be basically like sending them an email. This lines up really nice, and in my eyes it looks really professional.\par
Below the forms and contact info, there is google maps map of the location, which is fully functional so that you can zoom in and out, to try to recognise things you know nearby.\par
Next to the map i added their logo, which with it's white background, blends in perfectly, and makes it look really nice.\par
\i\par
\b\i0 Report from the MA 3 with decisions\par

\pard\sl360\slmult1 Introduction:\par
\b0 Well, to start things off let me just say that the making of this prototype in adobe XD is a lot of fun and it is a great way of prototyping my websites. But for now, i am really just not that familiar with it, and the coded website will hopefully come out a lot better than what you will see in the adobe XD protoype here.\par
\b Home page:\par
\b0 What i was thinking in the homepage/landingpage is that i just want a clean and simple page with a huge image slider in the center. On top of the image i want the navbar to the far right, and i want to create a small little gap down on the left side of the page for social media icons. I don't want the landing page to be verry cluttered, i want it to come off as inspiring and beautiful as the buildings they create. By making it elegent and simple and very easy to navigate, it will strike the people going to the site. "wow, these guys look professional".\par
I want to add either the letter logo or the logo with the small image, i havent yet decided which one to go for. I was also thinking about adding a <div> with a border around the text in the left center of the image, where i have written "besseggen arkitekter" with an arch around it, and a button that goes straight to the current projects.\par
I don't want too many images, maximum 5 which i have used here in the prototype, but these will be on auto rotation, changing every now and then, so 5 images might be too many for the home page, i might go with 2 or 3 carefully selected images.\par
i haven't really decided if i want to put anything else on the homepage at all, or just have the clean image with the menu, and distribute the rest of the content through the nav bar, or if i should include something more further down the page. What i definately will do is add a big footer, where you can also navigate through the site, but mostly "quick links" to what you can't see on the nav bar.\par
\b Contact us:\par
\b0 Well, the contact us pages are pretty much the same everywhere, and it is hard to come up with something new and innovative here. I am not really sure if i like the image at all, or if it is just what is on the image. I might remove the image when creating the site to make it look even more professional.\par
I will be dividing the forms on 1 side, or even on a whole line, and have icons for all the contact info, making it clean and understandable. I also really love adding the google maps function to the contact us page, because it makes it really easy to look for familiar places, street names etc. nearby, that help you find the adress faster.\par
\b About us:\par
\b0 As per usual the about us pages has a lot of text, and making text look professional and attention grabbing is quite hard. One of the ways that i love to read about others is when they place an image to the left/right and text on the other side of the column. Then changing the order on the next line so that image is above the text and vice versa. This forces to eyes to move around the page, and not just read a lot of text continuously in a staight line. Im not sure if i am going to create it exactly like i did here in XD, but i will for sure keep the circular images with the contact info to each of the individuals working there.\par
\b Projects:\par
\b0 On the projects page i would like to continue the way i made it here in XD. I really love the way it looks with images side by side, and the caption below the image. This makes it interesting to look at, and grabs the attention of the reader. I am not sure if i will go with 2 images side by side or 3. I will just have to try this out while coding.\par
When we did the card sorting excercise in class, i think all groups but projects in the top 2 or 3 of what was the most important, so i will definately put a lot of work into making this\par
section as nice as possible. It is important to display the beautiful work they have created, equally beautiful on the web, so that it will draw attention and make others want similar.\par
\b Jobs:\par
\b0 On the jobs section, again it is just a lot of text. Re\f2\u8208?\f1 arranging the text order seemed like the right thing to do, so that it will be more "fun" to read it. I think i will add some pictures or\par
video or something else, to keep the attention of the reader on the page. The addition of the logo at the bottom, seemed like a nice addition, reminding the reader where he is "job searching", making a lust to want to work there.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f3\fs22 2\i\f1\fs28\par
\i0\fs24\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
References:\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://getbootstrap.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://getbootstrap.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/navbar/ }}{\fldrslt{https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/navbar/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/button-group/ }}{\fldrslt{https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/button-group/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.bygg.no/bygg-tv/XlTS5ltznPY }}{\fldrslt{https://www.bygg.no/bygg-tv/XlTS5ltznPY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/tryit.asp?filename=tryw3css_sidebar_animate }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/tryit.asp?filename=tryw3css_sidebar_animate\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/getting-started/download/ }}{\fldrslt{https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/getting-started/download/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://codepen.io/afinedayproductions/pen/EzvLp }}{\fldrslt{https://codepen.io/afinedayproductions/pen/EzvLp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://bootsnipp.com/snippets/Q0dAX }}{\fldrslt{https://bootsnipp.com/snippets/Q0dAX\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_fixed_sidebar.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_fixed_sidebar.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/plus-sign }}{\fldrslt{https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/plus-sign\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://api.jquery.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://api.jquery.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44436282/using-owl-filter-js-to-filter-through-owl-carousel-items }}{\fldrslt{https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44436282/using-owl-filter-js-to-filter-through-owl-carousel-items\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/position/ }}{\fldrslt{https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/position/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_portfolio_filter.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_portfolio_filter.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://mdbootstrap.com/plugins/jquery/gallery/#titles&gid=3&pid=3 }}{\fldrslt{https://mdbootstrap.com/plugins/jquery/gallery/#titles&gid=3&pid=3\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://mdbootstrap.com/products/jquery-ui-kit/ }}{\fldrslt{https://mdbootstrap.com/products/jquery-ui-kit/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://startbootstrap.com/themes/ }}{\fldrslt{https://startbootstrap.com/themes/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery&q=goal }}{\fldrslt{https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery&q=goal\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/pr_background-attachment.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/pr_background-attachment.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/navigation/footer/ }}{\fldrslt{https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/navigation/footer/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\line\line\line\f0\fs56\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\par
\fs22\par
}
 